Update globalization-icu.md (#37695)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/globalization-icu.md

For more information, see [Behavior changes when comparing strings on .NET 5+](../../standard/base-types/string-comparison-net-5-plus.md).

#### String.EndsWith

```csharp
            const string foo = "abc";

            Console.WriteLine(foo.EndsWith("\0"));
            Console.WriteLine(foo.EndsWith("c"));
            Console.WriteLine(foo.EndsWith("\0", StringComparison.CurrentCulture));
            Console.WriteLine(foo.EndsWith("\0", StringComparison.Ordinal));
            Console.WriteLine(foo.EndsWith('\0'));
```

> - For .NET 5 and subsequent versions running on the Windows versions listed in the [ICU on Windows](#icu-on-windows) section table, the snippet prints True, True, True, False, False.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> In .NET 5+ running on Windows versions listed in the [ICU on Windows](#icu-on-windows) table, the preceding snippet prints:
> ```Output
> True
> True
> True
> False
> False
> ```
```

For more information, see [Behavior changes when comparing strings on .NET 5+](../../standard/base-types/string-comparison-net-5-plus.md).

#### String.EndsWith

```csharp
const string foo = "abc";

Console.WriteLine(foo.EndsWith("\0"));
Console.WriteLine(foo.EndsWith("c"));
Console.WriteLine(foo.EndsWith("\0", StringComparison.CurrentCulture));
Console.WriteLine(foo.EndsWith("\0", StringComparison.Ordinal));
Console.WriteLine(foo.EndsWith('\0'));
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> In .NET 5+ running on Windows versions listed in the [ICU on Windows](#icu-on-windows) table, the preceding snippet prints:

> > ```Output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
> ```Output
```

> True
> True
> True
> False
> False
> ```

To avoid this behavior, use the `char` parameter overload or `StringComparison.Oridinal`.

#### String.StartsWith

```csharp
const string foo = "abc";

Console.WriteLine(foo.StartsWith("\0"));
Console.WriteLine(foo.StartsWith("a"));
Console.WriteLine(foo.StartsWith("\0", StringComparison.CurrentCulture));
Console.WriteLine(foo.StartsWith("\0", StringComparison.Ordinal));
Console.WriteLine(foo.StartsWith('\0'));
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> In .NET 5+ running on Windows versions listed in the [ICU on Windows](#icu-on-windows) table, the preceding snippet prints:

> > ```Output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
> ```Output
```
